W-15345982-connected-apps-BG (#334)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/connected-apps-end-users.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

End users can delegate API access and log in to third-party applications using their Anypoint Platform credentials. They can also view connected apps created in their root organization or business groups.

Connected apps might request authorization from end users, and they can grant access in the following interface:

.The *Authorize App* interface enables end users to see which organization is requesting access to data and how the data is used. After the end user clicks *Grant Access*, the app is authorized to access the data indicated in the *Authorize App* interface.
image::connected-apps-authorize.png[The interface the user sees before authorizing an app to use their data, 60%,60%]

> End users can manage third-party apps that they have authorized in their profile settings. They can view authorized apps in their profiles by clicking on their profile icon and selecting *Profile*. The following screenshot illustrates how authorized connected apps appear within a user’s profile page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
End users can manage third-party apps that they have authorized in their profile settings. They can view authorized apps in their profiles by clicking on their profile icon and selecting *Profile*. The following screenshot illustrates how a user’s profile page shows authorized connected apps:
```
